I remember the first day I am already
others glory when he did the first
day of training that day then
the most exciting of the little girls
because they deliver the material no
we start dressing that day already
like your champions like us like the two
mild grass fields
one after the other constantly at
discovery of a world that was for me was
it was unknown because for me Rome
remains high from Sunday to Sunday
stadium to see was not a thing that
we do different behaviors
I took him to see Rome at the stadium
flaminio because why the stadium
Olympic era renovation
he had a passion for the performer
and anyway I brought it and I remember it
like it was now
but Mr. I don't know why those
me that let me you best memories
they are always team wins is not
never my goal more beautiful than mine
career maybe in another 7 to 1
confirm try to aaron franco
so I can't say the game but
leave the mark I can't say that the
I remember that I remember it with pleasure
although I did
very nice I remember with pleasure
real madrid rome and we won 2 1 e
we spent the fourth round
I remember with pleasure a rome 0 2
I remember with pleasure from the madrid rome where
will try but the 2 to 1
all these matches and then stand up
andrea return where life plays
where the underdog
together a history of Rome and where
we reversed the prediction is done
it's made to be cool
in today's football except
there are so many things that must be done
fit well to do this
occur
there was a time when both me and
he different moments
we even risked leaving me
list the colors but I believe that at the base
there is a very similar thing that is
the love we have for this team
for this life theory and work itself
of this type of civil society has
in short, everything is sent
now beyond the feelings towards the
team that in fact always been
very clear represents the place of
work represents the workplace of
my son represents
a lot of myself
important and very large and very vast